Okay, great, but what do we do when we
get to level nine in our mini-max tree?
>> That's when things
really get interesting.
We want to evaluate the goodness
of a node at level nine
based on how much we expect it to lead
to a win for our computer player.
Can we create an evaluation
function that takes in each
game board generated level nine of our
mini-max game tree, return a number that
we can use to compare that node for
all the other nodes at that level?
>> Well, we know the only way to win
is have our computer player have
moves left at the end of the game.
Maybe our computer player shouldn't
maximize the number of moves it has?
>> That sounds right.
We want an evaluation function that
returns a higher number depending how
good the board is for
our computer player.
With an evaluation function like simply
counting the number of moves our
computer player has available at a given
node, the player will select branches
in the mini-max tree that lead to spaces
where a player has the most options.
It seems like a really good idea.
Let's call that evaluation function,
number my moves for convenience.
Why don't we test it out on our
simple five-move game board and
see how well it works?
>> Let's do it.